Safely remove fdb_transaction_get_range_and_flat_map (#7314)
apple/foundationdb: documentation/sphinx/source/api-version-upgrade-guide.rst

General
-------

> * `fdb_transaction_get_range_and_flat_map` API is renamed to `fdb_transaction_get_mapped_range` in version 710, `fdb_transaction_get_range_and_flat_map` is not supported at any API verison after 710.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``fdb_transaction_get_range_and_flat_map`` API is replaced by ``fdb_transaction_get_mapped_range`` in version 710. The function ``fdb_transaction_get_range_and_flat_map`` is not supported in any API version.
```
